Talk about about big O notation and algorithms. Is bubble sort or merge sort better?
	Big-O notation is the language we use for talking about how long an algorithm takes to run 
(time complexity) or how much memory is used by an algorithm (space complexity). Big-O notation can 
express the best, worst, and average-case running time of an algorithm.
	The bubble sort is better than merge sort in practice for small set of data, but as size of 
input data increases, the performance of bubble sort suddenly drop down and the exact opposite behavior 
I found with merge sort.

Can you describe the Waterfall model and the Agile model? How are they different?
	Waterfall is a Liner Sequential Life Cycle Model whereas Agile is a continuous iteration of 
development and testing in the software development process.
Differences:
	Agile is not useful method for small development projects while Waterfall is not ideal for large projects.
	Agile separates the project development lifecycle into sprints while Software development process in the Waterfall model is divided into distinct phases.
	Agile methodology is known for its flexibility while waterfall most times it can be quite rigid.
	With Agile the test plan is reviewed after each sprint while with Waterfall the test plan is rarely discussed during the test phase.
	
What is an Inner Join in Relational Databases, and what is the difference between a Right Join and a Left Join?
	An INNER JOIN is such type of join that returns all rows from both the participating tables 
where the key record of one table is equal to the key records of another table.
Differences: 
	Left join joins two or more tables, returns all records from the left table, and matching rows from the right-hand table 
while Right join is used to join two or more tables, returns all records from the right table, and matching rows from the left-hand table.
	Left join result-set will contain null value if there is no matching row on the right side table 
while Right join result-set will contain null value if there is no matching row on the left side table.
	 Left join is also known as the LEFT OUTER JOIN while Right join is also known as the RIGHT OUTER JOIN.

How to implement multiple conditions using WHERE clause?
	By combining And and Or 
	
What are Regions and Availability Zones in aws
AWS Regions are large and widely dispersed into separate geographic locations. Availability Zones are distinct locations within 
an AWS Region that are engineered to be isolated from failures in other Availability Zones.