What happens when you change an object that has been serialized and written to a file?
	A serialized and written object is indepndent of the platform its on. So the object can be changed by deserializing  
it to its original form. 

What are Lifecycle Methods in Stateful React Components?
	React component has a life cycle, which consists of three phases: 
	Mounting, that is putting inserting elements into the DOM. 
	Updating, which involves methods for updating components in the DOM. 
	Unmounting, that is removing a component from the DOM. 

What do Thunks and Sagas do?
	Saga works like a separate thread or a background process that is solely responsible for making your side effects or 
API calls unlike redux-thunk, which uses callbacks which may lead to situations like 'callback hell' in some cases.

Is python an interpreted language or compiled? What is the difference
	Python is an interpreted language.
Differences:
	A compiled language is a programming language whose implementations are typically compilers and not interpreters while
An interpreted language is a programming language whose implementations execute instructions directly and freely, without previously 
compiling a program into machine-language instructions.  
	For compiled language once the program is compiled it is expressed in the instructions of the target machine while 
for Interpreted language the instructions are not directly executed by the target machine.
	Compiled language run faster than interpreted languages. 
	In Compiled languages errors prevent the code from compiling while the interpreted languages all the debugging 
occurs at run-time. 
	

SQL - Normalization, explain 1st norm and 2nd norm concepts, explain joins, explain the difference between left and full joins
	Normalization is the process of restructuring a relational database in accordance with a series of so-called normal 
forms in order to reduce data redundancy and improve data integrity.
	1NF: Each table cell should contain a single value.
	     Each record needs to be unique.
	     Values stored in a column should be of the same domain.

	2NF: Rule 1- Be in 1NF.
	     Rule 2- Single Column Primary Key.
	     And, it should not have Partial Dependency. 

JOINS in SQL are commands which are used to combine rows from two or more tables, based on a related column between those tables.
Full Join or the Full Outer Join returns all those records which either have a match in the left(Table1) or the right(Table2) table
WHILE The LEFT JOIN or the LEFT OUTER JOIN  returns all the records from the left table and also those records which satisfy a condition from the right table.
